# Scripts
Here you can find the Python scripts with the pipelines for the analysis, mostly about the Blood Cells model. In the following list, the first two files are used to obtain and manipulate the simulations, while the other ones produce analysis and comparisons for the SBI pipeline. 
1. ```ExecuteBatchSimulations``` runs the simulations for the Blood Cells model and saves it in the ```Data``` main folder. The simulations are divided into batches (typically of size 200). This file is a simple script to call the simulation pipeline from the ```InternalLibrary```, choosing the prior limits and the number of simulations. By default, it parallelizes the computation. 
2. ```GetSummaryStatistics``` reads the simulations from the files and compute the correspondent batches of summary statistics. For each simulation, it computes the full set of possible summary statistics, as defined in the ```InternalLibrary```, organized into a dictionary. The selection is made in the aftermath, at loading time. This pipeline also makes some checks to assure coherence. It produces/updates also a ```done.txt``` file to keep track of the simulations already processed and the time schedule. By default, it parallelizes the computation. 
3. ```compareSubsampling```: comparison of the SBI performances varying the length of the *Cxx* and *s_redx* subsample. 
4. ```compareMSE```: comparison of the SBI performances varying the set of selected summary statistics. This includes both the loss of the neural network and the mean squared error of the inferred entropy. 
5. ```compareSampleSize```: comparison of the SBI performances varying the number of simulations. This includes both the loss of the neural network and the mean squared error of the inferred entropy.
